keyboards/lily58/keymaps/bcat/readme.md, before:

# bcat's Lily58 layout

This split ergo layout follows my preferred [Crkbd
layout](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/keyboards/crkbd/keymaps/bcat)
with the following changes:

* There's an optional number row at the top of the keyboard. I am quite used to
using layers for numbers and symbols, so in practice this goes unused.

* The dedicated Hyphen/Underscore and Equals/Plus keys on the number row are
placed in the same positions as on the ErgoDox EZ. (There's no real reason for
this; I just had to do _something_ with those keys.)

* The extra thumb keys are used for dedicated Super/Menu keys, as well as
browser back/forward navigation keys.

## Default layer

![Default layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/FNITWJ0.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/e0eb3af65961e9fd612dcff3ddd88e4f))

## Lower layer

![Lower layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/sNKWpUC.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/19ad0d3b5d745fbb2818db09740f5a11))

## Raise layer

![Raise layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/NaWTavA.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/912be7955f781cdaf692cc4d4c0b5823))

## Adjust layer

![Adjust layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/Q3PGsiK.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/8f6a3f08350a9bbe1d414b22bca4e6c7))

Commit message:

[Keymap] bcat keymaps and userspace (#10705)
Add Eco keymap, factor Crkbd keymap to community layout, other minor tweaks

* Remove outdated Crkbd Ctrl key positioning info

* Add Left Alt key to Lily58 keymap

* Lily58 no longer overrides default TAPPING_TERM

* Refactor Crkbd keymap to use new community layout

* Fix underglow animations for Crkbd w/ Split Common

* Add initial Eco keymap

* Update outdated reference to Crkbd layout

* Add keymap links to userspace readme

* Add copyright notices to files changed in this PR

keyboards/lily58/keymaps/bcat/readme.md, after:

# bcat's Lily58 layout

This split ergo layout follows my preferred [split 3x6 + 3 thumb
keys](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/layouts/community/split_3x6_3/bcat)
(Crkbd) layout with a few changes:

* There's an optional number row at the top of the keyboard. I am quite used to
using layers for numbers and symbols, so in practice this goes unused.

* The dedicated Hyphen/Underscore and Equals/Plus keys on the number row are
placed in the same positions as on the ErgoDox EZ. (There's no real reason for
this; I just had to do _something_ with those keys.)

* The extra thumb keys on the bottom row are used for a Left Alt key (for easier
Alt+Tab, Alt+F4, etc.) and a dedicated Super key.

* The harder-to-reach thumb keys below the controllers are bound to browser
back/forward navigation keys.

## Default layer

![Default layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/0stG2GT.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/e0eb3af65961e9fd612dcff3ddd88e4f))

## Lower layer

![Lower layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/sNKWpUC.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/19ad0d3b5d745fbb2818db09740f5a11))

## Raise layer

![Raise layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/NaWTavA.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/912be7955f781cdaf692cc4d4c0b5823))

## Adjust layer

![Adjust layer layout](https://i.imgur.com/Q3PGsiK.png)

([KLE](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/#/gists/8f6a3f08350a9bbe1d414b22bca4e6c7))
